[docs] AppleAuthentication: update example, minor content tweaks (#20490)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/apple-authentication.mdx

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import PlatformsSection from '~/components/plugins/PlatformsSection';
import { SnackInline } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

`expo-apple-authentication` provides Apple authentication for iOS 13+. It does not yet support lower iOS versions, Android, or the web.

> Beginning with iOS 13, any app that includes third-party authentication options **must** provide Apple authentication as an option
> in order to comply with App Store Review guidelines.
> 
> Learn more about Apple authentication on the ["Sign In with Apple" website](https://developer.apple.com/sign-in-with-apple/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with iOS 13, any app that includes third-party authentication options **must** provide Apple authentication as an option
in order to comply with App Store Review guidelines. For more information, see Apple authentication on the [Sign In with Apple](https://developer.apple.com/sign-in-with-apple/) website.
```

I think we can join the sentences here and change the verbiage for consistency reasons. At other places, we started to use `For more information...` like context.

    <View style={styles.container}>
      <AppleAuthentication.AppleAuthenticationButton
        buttonType={AppleAuthentication.AppleAuthenticationButtonType.SIGN_IN}
        buttonStyle={AppleAuthentication.AppleAuthenticationButtonStyle.BLACK}
        cornerRadius={5}
        style={styles.button}
        onPress={async () => {
          try {
            const credential = await AppleAuthentication.signInAsync({
              requestedScopes: [
                AppleAuthentication.AppleAuthenticationScope.FULL_NAME,
                AppleAuthentication.AppleAuthenticationScope.EMAIL,
              ],
            });
            // signed in
          } catch (e) {
            if (e.code === 'ERR_CANCELED') {
              // handle that the user canceled the sign-in flow
            } else {
              // handle other errors
            }
          }
        }}
      />
    </View>
  );
}

/* @hide const styles = StyleSheet.create({ ... }); */
const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'center',
  },
  button: { 
    width: 200, 
    height: 44
  }
});
/* @end */
```

</SnackInline>

## Development and Testing

> You can test this library in development in Expo Go on iOS without following any of the instructions above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test this library in Expo Go on iOS without following any of the instructions above.
```

I think we should remove the context of "development" as per [this recent addition to our writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#referencing-expo-go) when referencing Expo Go in the same sentence.

> However, you'll need to do this setup to use Apple Authentication in your standalone app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you'll need to do this setup to use Apple Authentication in your standalone app.
```

Un related to this PR since the text was already there, it is unclear what "this setup" references here to? Are we talking about the config plugins? I think, we can be explicit here that one has to use config plugins before creating app binary/standalone app.

Author: I'm either not 100% sure what this sentence is referring to, but from the Git history, it looks like it was related to the initial setup steps, when this package has been added in #5421.

Reviewer: Thanks for digging in! Looks these steps were moved to "Classic builds" in [this PR](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/15015/files). I think we can safely re-phrase it to:
`However, you'll need to add the config plugin if you are using EAS Build.`

Reviewer: This will make the instructions clear even if the EAS Build is being used for internal distribution.

Author: I have replaced the sentence, as suggested. Thank you for catching that! 👍
